NMS-12383: Timeseries Integration Layer (#2845)
OpenNMS/opennms: opennms-doc/guide-admin/src/asciidoc/text/operation/timeseries/configuration.adoc

===== Enabling Timeseries Integration Layer

_{opennms-product-name}_ can be configured to use the Timeseries Integration Layer by setting the following property in `${OPENNMS_HOME}/etc/opennms.properties`:

[source]
----
org.opennms.timeseries.strategy=integration
----

After activating the _Timeseries Integration Layer_, you need to start an actual implementation.
Do this via Karaf.

> Here is an example of how to activate the im memory plugin:

Reviewer: Just to check: do we need to define "im" in "im" memory plugin, or will people know?

> org.opennms.timeseries.strategy=integration

Author: fixed.

----

> After activating the Timeseries Integration Layer an actual implementation needs to be started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After activating the _Timeseries Integration Layer_, you need to start an actual implementation.
```

> This is done via Karaf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do this via Karaf.
```
